# Jasmine Energy
EAC - Energy Attribute Credit
## Outcomes
### Metagame
- EAC joins as Plurigrid
  - Plurigrid Jasmine Energy
    - plurigrid-gradio35654.gradio.io
      - question answering Chain
      - Plurigrid Chain
      - Plurigrid + Jasmine Chain (e.g. LangChain)
      - outputs plausible conversational points
        (👽 respond to whisper live and "human prompt hack")
### Near term
- initial introduction Plurigrid <> Jasmine
- establish trust and non-adversarial modality
- scope out Neutral and who they think the most interesting players are
### Long term
- EAC + Plurigrid = how?
  - ERC-20 (fungible token) means need to run on EVM chain reachable w/ risk spread signals connected to Plurigrid via IBC <> gridIBC
  - e.g. High Risk: bridge from Polygon through Axelar / Squid to Juno / Osmisis
  - ERC-721 (non-fungible token) burn <> mint or mint a special edition
  
## Topics
### Where do the electrons go?
#### Internal
When we get higher fidelity price risk signal from higher resolution, higher reliability, verifiable execution of liquidation, and other state transitions of composable pieces - we win.
### Market sizing for EAC / DE
#### Internal
$49B energy commodities, $14.3T energy derivatives
#### Research
<>
#### Conversation
What is your knowledge of the implementation and potential impact of transactive energy and smart grid technologies on energy markets? 
- marketplace for energy
- smart asset roadmaps for America - how is Hawaii switching to fully transactive energy, i.e. market mechanism when available re-inforced with smart grid that does have centralized operators is instructive; Puerto Rico?
#### Recollection
#### Synthesis
What do we know now? What actions are now new based on gained information?
What was accomplished? What branches and trajectories are no longer available
### Marketplace
### Opinions on web3 
## Conversation Trees
## Internal Reflections
What is one thing that you want to grab every person in the world by the ears, and scream in their face because they must know it?
