#2023-02-13 All hands meeting 

---

**Present**: 

 - Barton: good - getting ready for rapid pace week  
 - Case: good 
 - Janita: good 
 - Lucas: all right! had a late night 

**Discussion (Barton) -** 

 - utility vs. efficiency 
 - cyborgcamp
     - on-chain lamp
     - hope to show people what a system looks like at a small scale, fractal nature can also be large scale 
     - goal: find a mechanism that has enough legitimacy that people can be connected to as valuable and not damage any political party in the process. 
     - what is the feedback loop itself. if you look at closed and open loop cybernetics — we find ourselves in the world where our loop is fixing systems that are losing their stable equilibrium
     - it is not closed in 2 days — the info is isolated in data silos and not shared. more insidious loop — we do have enough info to udnerstand the nature of the beast — carbon. YET those with the data cannot act on it. they see what’s broken. closing that requires 
     - a better system of record
     - a more agentic way 
     - we are talking about aesthetics, music, colors with the lamp 
     - when we make decisions about electricity we make tradeoffs — electric car, tvs, and we might disagree about what the fair amount of electricity. is operating medical equiptment or a 
     - cyborgcamp - create a coalition that captures the largest amount of different participation and different needs. having agency over the secquence of turning on and off 
     - the UI for the lamp itself and a way for people 
     - whose configurartion is accepted until a new coalition arises. plurigrid wins if everyone is connected. this is the first fully closed loop 
     - forming coalitions leaves room to agree to agree 
     - more details at 

​**Questions**

 - janita:
     - Barton in response to Janita’s question about CSS
         - guy is our patron saint and a partner 
     - what are the requirements around being there? 
         - classes are tuesday/wednesday from March - end of May 
     - janita can visit anytime and we should all have exposure to it 
 - amber: Skiff 
     - a bit nuanced, skiff doesn’t really have 
         - solution: private key on icloud, ask skiff to switch records
     - everyone get a 
         - go to settings → organization → add alias
     - make sure your account has that private key attached 
     - we will find a domain switch moment. there will be a small scheduled downtime. 
     - case will download pertinent docs and emails from .xyz from legal and from CSS school 
     - old account will NOT dissappear. the alias will dissappear - you can reshare old docs with your new account. 
 - barton: microworlds 
     - will start using github and move into cadence of software development 
     - linear is sleek and nice and allowances for larger orgs, github project features are good enough, plus integrates nicely with zulip 
     - https://github.com/Plurigrid/microworlds/tree/main/000
     - electricity bidding simulation which takes into account (perturbations like) weather
     - “this is what we’ll be working from now on”
     - 1000 microworlds by May
         - 000= model
             - ChatGPT-generated
         - 001=
         - 002=
         - 003=
         - 004=lamp
         - 005=jasmine energy
         - What does it mean to make a microworld? some automation that allows for us to engage with a new customer or partner a new region in the world, the setup of the grid, what they’re trying to do with it and translate that using LLMs a repo of knowledge about grid and its design tools that’s not as general as ChatGPT. retrain a LLM can reduce costs. These microworlds can be traded by those that want to use them as NFTs in an acution. If you have it in your wallet you have enough incentive computation, labor, etc. in the supply chain of making a microworld. 
         - Janita: a particular simulation context that can represent coordination strategies that agents in a grid can use 
         - given that there are 100s of different parameters we can change. address how their utility concerns will be enabled or unenabled - go back to our loop of interacting in the world, considering those results, coming up with new actions, considering those results. that needs to happen in the microworld. imagine in the microworld with enough causal actions - that will converge what happens in the real world and the micro world - using principles of optimal control (zargham has a great intro to this) - without knowledge of julia, haskell, rust, etc. How we produce these artifacs, the per unit cost, etc. 
         - Lucas: Indicate when something is fully generated by GPT, somewhat, and not at all 
             - (G)
         - Barton: we’ll need for these microworlds - datasheets - what went into it, etc. provable assurance cases. 
 - lucas: logistics for CyborgCamp
     - Arrival: Show up at ALB airport or ALB trainstation - house is 220 Mannix East Greenbush - lakehouse details in chat 
     - 16-18 Lakehouse
         - Lucas
         - Jake
         - Janita
         - Scott
         - Zeke
         - Plurigrid meetup on Saturday
     - Zargham house free for days before and after conf for people to stay 
         - 14-22
     - Unconference on the 17th - 17 people + special guests (like elec engineer)
         - sticky notes → grid schedule
         - On-going unhack in the evening - Barton + Zeke + Issac + Zargham + Case + Janita 
         - From Agents to Agency - Janita + Barton
     - follow-up on group chats - inverter hash3, cerulean
     - +30 plurigrid microworlds at ETHDenver
         - CSS meetup - Lucas will coordinate with Guy. Has an extra queen bed 2/26-3/5
         - Case 1-6 March will stay at Metagov house 
 - barton: stack 
     - stack: github for code, skiff for docs, zulip for discussion, signal for more urgent messages
     - upload mem files
     - matrix has bridges
         - game theory bot??
         - discord datalogger
         - signal
         - telegram
         - whatsapp, etc
 - case: jasmine energy meeting tuesday 1400 in DC
     - tomorrow!
     - TAM = kwh as KPI
     - convince them there is value in interoperabiltiy 
 - Grant sharing opprtunities of 500K with Inverter network 

Checkout 

Barton: so glad this is captured - add it to ontology 

Case: good 

Janita: ok 

Lucas: all right 